c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\PatraLogistik.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\PatraLogistik.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\PatraLogistik.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\obj\Debug\PatraLogistik.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\obj\Debug\PatraLogistik.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\obj\Debug\PatraLogistik.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Web.Bootstrap.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\bin\DevExpress.Web.Bootstrap.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatraLogistik\PatraLogistik\obj\Debug\PatraLogistik.dll.licenses
